README.md, before:

# polished-linux

Guides for making Linux Mint more habitable to Mac users.

## Aspirational Table of Contents

- [ ] Recommended Hardware
- [ ] Installing Linux Mint
- [ ] Setting Up Redshift
- [ ] Setting the Keyboard Key Repeat Rate
- [ ] Configuring macOS Keyboard Shortcuts
- [ ] Making `Command+L` Focus the Browser URL Bar
- [ ] Typing Accented Characters with a Macintosh Keyboard Layout
- [ ] Installing a macOS Cursor Theme
- [ ] Showing Scrollbars
- [ ] Installing a Custom [Desktop Theme](https://github.com/benchristel/Mint-X-Hacks)
- [ ] Adding a [Dock (Plank)](https://github.com/benchristel/plank-theme-osx)
- [ ] Customizing the Login Screen
- [ ] Running Windows Games from Steam with Proton
- [ ] Running Windows Games with Wine
- [ ] Changing the System Font
- [ ] Rearranging the Close/Minimize/Maximize Window Buttons
- [ ] Playing Gapless Albums in Rhythmbox
- [ ] Installing [Pale Moon](https://www.palemoon.org/) and the [xmoon](https://addons.palemoon.org/addon/xmoon/) Theme
- [ ] Making Option/Alt Not Focus The Menu in Visual Studio Code.
- [ ] Freeing Up Disk Space With `journalctl`
- [ ] Shimming `xclip` to Work Like `pbcopy`

### Reference

- [ ] Map of System Folders

Commit message:

Add xscreensaver to TODO list

README.md, after:

# polished-linux

Guides for making Linux Mint more habitable to Mac users.

## Aspirational Table of Contents

- [ ] Recommended Hardware
- [ ] Installing Linux Mint
- [ ] Setting Up Redshift
- [ ] Setting the Keyboard Key Repeat Rate
- [ ] Configuring macOS Keyboard Shortcuts
- [ ] Making `Command+L` Focus the Browser URL Bar
- [ ] Typing Accented Characters with a Macintosh Keyboard Layout
- [ ] Installing a macOS Cursor Theme
- [ ] Showing Scrollbars
- [ ] Installing a Custom [Desktop Theme](https://github.com/benchristel/Mint-X-Hacks)
- [ ] Adding a [Dock (Plank)](https://github.com/benchristel/plank-theme-osx)
- [ ] Customizing the Login Screen
- [ ] Running Windows Games from Steam with Proton
- [ ] Running Windows Games with Wine
- [ ] Changing the System Font
- [ ] Rearranging the Close/Minimize/Maximize Window Buttons
- [ ] Playing Gapless Albums in Rhythmbox
- [ ] Running the Classic Mac "Flurry" Scrensaver with [xscreensaver](https://www.jwz.org/xscreensaver/)
- [ ] Installing [Pale Moon](https://www.palemoon.org/) and the [xmoon](https://addons.palemoon.org/addon/xmoon/) Theme
- [ ] Making Option/Alt Not Focus The Menu in Visual Studio Code.
- [ ] Freeing Up Disk Space With `journalctl`
- [ ] Shimming `xclip` to Work Like `pbcopy`

### Reference

- [ ] Map of System Folders
